Add info on viewing & deleting compression policy (#900)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/compression/about-compression.md

</procedure>

For more information, see the API reference for [`ALTER TABLE
(compression)`][alter-table-compression] and
[`add_compression_policy`][add_compression_policy].

## View current compression policy

> To view the compression policy that you've set, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the compression policy that you've set:
```

```sql
SELECT * FROM timescaledb_information.jobs
  WHERE proc_name='policy_compression';
```

For more information, see the API reference for [`timescaledb_information.jobs`][timescaledb_information-jobs].

## Remove compression policy

> To remove a compression policy, use `remove_compression_policy`. For example, given a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove a compression policy, use `remove_compression_policy`. For example, to remove a compression policy for
```

> hypertable named `cpu`, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a hypertable named `cpu`:
```

```sql
SELECT remove_compression_policy('cpu');
```

For more information, see the API reference for
[`remove_compression_policy`][remove_compression_policy].

## Compression policy intervals

> Data is usually compressed after an interval of time has elapsed, and not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data is usually compressed after an interval of time, and not
```

> immediately. In the "Enabling compression" procedure, we used a seven day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
immediately. In the "Enabling compression" procedure, the time interval was seven days
```

</procedure>

For more information, see the API reference for [`ALTER TABLE
(compression)`][alter-table-compression] and
[`add_compression_policy`][add_compression_policy].

## View current compression policy
To view the compression policy that you've set, run:
```sql
SELECT * FROM timescaledb_information.jobs
  WHERE proc_name='policy_compression';
```

For more information, see the API reference for [`timescaledb_information.jobs`][timescaledb_information-jobs].

## Remove compression policy

> To remove a compression policy, run:
> ```sql
> SELECT remove_compression_policy('<TABLE>');
> ```
> 
> For example, to remove the compression policy from a hypertable named `cpu`:

Author: ```suggestion
To remove a compression policy, use `remove_compression_policy`. For example, given a
hypertable named `cpu`, run:
```

```sql
SELECT remove_compression_policy('cpu');

> ```

Reviewer 2: We have a lot of inconsistency across our documentation around how we provide "templates" of commands and then show how to use them. IMO, this is extra effort and the `'<TABLE>'` isn't used anywhere else (generally). We either need to stick to Postgres parameter type names (`REGCLASS`) or just show the second example because we clearly say "to remove... from a hypertable named..".

Author: This is actually something we're trying to standardize, see the [work in progress here](https://github.com/timescale/docs/pull/895). I agree this example is simple enough that it's unnecessary; I'll edit it out.
